[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film predestination
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the last century in the united states
awk is a time traveling agent
whose job is to travel back to the past
through the time traveling device
to prevent the terrible crimes and
terrorist attacks before they actually
occur
one day hawk takes a new mission and
travels back to 1975
trying to prevent a bomb blast planned
by a so-called fizzle bomber a vicious
criminal who is responsible for dozens
of bomb attacks
claiming lives of many innocent people
and causing immeasurable economic losses
when hawk locates the bomb and tries to
disarm it
the fizzle bomber suddenly shows up and
has fierce gunfire with him
though the fizzle bomber runs away hawk
doesn't have enough time to disarm the
bomb
and the bomb explodes before he can seal
it up inside the explosion proof drum
causing his face to be seriously burned
while hawk is in great pain and is
trying to reach the time traveling
device meters away
someone approaches and helps him grasp
the device
which then transports him to a hospital
in 1992
after having a facial reconstruction and
passing the psychological test
hawk is then permitted to return to his
work and is given his last mission
hawk then travels back to 1970 in the
guise of a bartender
one day when hawk is on duty john a
column writer of some renown
walks in and starts a conversation with
him under the influence of alcohol
john begins to talk about his miserable
and dramatic life
john tells hawk that he was actually
born female and grew up as jane in an
orphanage in 1945
the baby jane was left on an orphanage's
doorstep
a nursing worker took her in and sent
for a doctor who identified john as a
healthy female baby
jane excelled in all her studies even in
physical strength
however she had great difficulty fitting
in with the others
and was treated as a freak she was
really lonely
but had no one to talk to these
sufferings lasted till jane was 18
when she was offered a chance to go to
space
jane decided to give it a shot at once
as she had always been fascinated about
the space
she successfully passed the interview
and became a member of a space
exploration program
later jane and the other chosen girls
were given a series of physical training
and mental tests though exhausting jane
enjoyed it a lot
as she believed she was gonna embrace a
new life
however things didn't go as jane thought
they would
she was disqualified from the program
after a fight with another girl
however jane didn't know the real reason
was due to her medical condition
which was found after that fight
incident and had never been revealed to
her
in order to survive jane worked as a
nanny while at the same time
she went to the nighttime college just
as she was about to plum the depths of
the miserable life
she bumped into a man who said he was
waiting for someone
the two held a long talk at the bar and
fell in love with each other soon
jane thought he was the man she was
gonna spend the rest of her life with
however the man disappeared shortly
afterward
leaving jane at a total loss and in
great pain
someday unexpectedly the charge guy of
the space program
robertson visited jane at her house
robertson told jane that space corps was
really a part of the temporal agency
which now wanted to recruit her to
prevent future crimes
jane was very excited thinking there was
a new future waiting for her
however later she was found pregnant
with the hormone hunter's baby
robertson had to disqualify her again
and broke off contact with her
later jane successfully gave birth to a
healthy female baby
however the doctor then told her that
she was intersex with internalized male
sex organs
as well as females moreover the female
sex organs were severely damaged during
the cesarean section
forcing the doctor to remove them so
jane was advised to undergo gender
reassignment
to live as a man while dane was
hesitating
much to her shock her baby was stolen by
a mysterious man
jane was heartbroken but could not find
her child anywhere
in despair jane took the surgery and
began to live as a man
under the name of john in order to make
a living
john has tried various kinds of jobs he
finally found his pursuit in writing
and life began to grow better after
hearing john's sad story
hawke is very indignant about what john
has suffered
he offers to take john back to the day
when jane met the hormone hunter
who ruined her life so john can take
revenge on the man
and change his future hawk explains to
john that he is a time
traveling agent and then takes john to a
hidden basement
where he shows john the time machine and
takes john back to that day in 1963
john disguises himself as a passerby
waiting at the place
where jane's supposed to encounter the
man determined to catch the hormone
bastard
then something dramatic happens jane
actually the female john in 1963
before his gender reassignment bumps
into john
who time travels back from 1970.
john falls in love with her at first
sight at that moment john realizes that
he is actually the hormone bastard
who later becomes jane's lover however
john doesn't want to let jane upset and
disappoint so he starts talking with
jane
and the two fall in love with each other
quickly while hawk who has witnessed all
of that
tries to stop them at first but decides
not to after a long hesitation
later hawk makes an illegal jump back to
1975 alone
without taking john back trying again to
apprehend the fizzle bomber
the fizzle bomber is setting the bomb
when hawk gets there
so hawk draws his gun immediately and
has fierce gun fire with the fizzle
bomber
however the fizzle bomber knocks hawk
down in no time
and runs away while hawk is struggling
to stand up to run after the fizzle
bomber
he first hears the familiar sound of
gunshots and then a loud sound of a bomb
explosion
he races to where the sound comes from
and finds that a burned man is
struggling to grasp the time machine
hawk is astounded by this familiar scene
where a burned man is struggling to grab
the time
traveling device out of sympathy he
picks up the time machine for the burned
man
who is actually his past self after
seeing the man traveling back to 1992
huck picks up a piece of the bomb
fragments and then travels back to 1964.
there he encounters robertson who turns
out to be hawks superior
he has traveled back to ask for the bomb
fragment hawkhead and warns him to
follow the rules
making no more illegal and excessive
jumps
robertson tells him that the excessive
jumps will cause anachronism
resulting in unimaginable consequences
including psychosis
then robertson urges hawke to perform
his last mission
while at that time john and jane already
have their baby
who is born from the self-realization as
jane and john are actually the same
person
though hesitating for a long time hawk
at last
decides to steal the baby and uses the
time machine to take the baby to the
orphanage
18 years earlier in 1945
by now it is clear that jane john and
the baby are the same person
hawk then returns to 1963 trying to
persuade jon to leave jane behind
and take john back to the year he's
supposed to be in
john gets really mad at hawk thinking
hawk has fooled him
however hawke explains to him that
everything is predestined
and that though he is the one who has
facilitated the cycle
no one can really break it and he takes
john to the temporal agency in 1985 by
force
making john a hormone bastard suddenly
disappear
in the world of 1963.
by now hawke has finished his one last
task which is to bring back john to take
over his job
whose name is then changed into hawk
robertson at once announces that hawk is
done with his mission
and is permitted to travel back to 1975
to enjoy his retired life
while in 1975 hawk plans to settle down
for marriage
and have his own children at first
seeing that as the new start of his life
however he finds himself unable to get
over the fizzle bomber
therefore he travels back and manages to
find the fizzle bomber at a laundromat
through the file of the bomber he
brought back
to his great surprise the fizzle bomber
turns out to be hawk's future self
who is now suffering from psychosis due
to excessive time travels
the fizzle bomber explains that he has
figured out a way to save more lives
from the predicted severe terrorist
attacks
by bombing places beforehand where the
terrorist attacks would occur
he insists that though it's at the cost
of only a few lives
he's right in doing that he tries to
convince hawk that the only way to put
an
end to the cycle is for hawk to spare
his life
finding it hard to trust the old man
smelly [ __ ] and unwilling to believe
he'll become the insane fizzle bomber
himself
hawk chooses to kill his future self
eventually which ironically indicates
that hawk by his choice
takes his role as the fizzle bomber
instead and the cycle continues
it's shown that john is actually the man
who'd traveled to new york
and was burned while disarming the bomb
his subsequent facial reconstruction
significantly changes his appearance
making john and hawk look not alike
by now obviously it's a huge
predestination paradox
with different characters involved jane
john
hawk the fizzlebomber and even the baby
but all being the same person
this is daniel cc movie channel bye